How was the lower level?
Everyone was annihilated except for us.
It seems like two of Sasuke's subordinates are still around here.
Did you see them?
We haven't seen them.
They probably died too.
Everything is a mess down there.
No. A Sensory-Type Ninja from the Hidden Cloud
confirmed that they survived.
They asked us to capture them and then they left.
Oh, is that so?
You two…
Remove your armor.
Oh my, it seems we've been found out.
Just as I thought, that wasn't a very good plan.
Sakura, why did you do something like that?
Sai! What are you doing here?
It's a clone.
I'm going to tell you
what Sakura really wanted to say earlier, but couldn't.
"Really wanted to say"?
What do you mean, Sai?
Sakura didn't come to confess her love for you.
The Hidden Leaf Ninja have come to a consensus
and I'm here to inform you.
I thought it was strange.
So she was hiding something after all.
I've come to understand her feelings.
Why Sakura couldn't bring herself to tell you.
Tell me, Sai…
about the consensus.
The Hidden Leaf will deal with Sasuke.
Every one of your comrades is committed to that and will act accordingly.
As One's Friend
The Hidden Leaf will deal with Sasuke.
Every one of your comrades is committed to that and will act accordingly.
Did Sakura… Did Sakura really agree to that?!
Sakura loves Sasuke so much!
And yet…
How could she?!
After Akatsuki's attack on our village,
the Hidden Leaf Ninja can no longer recognize Sasuke as one of their own,
not after he supported the Akatsuki.
Sakura is not a fool.
She's not a child who wouldn't understand the difficulty of the situation.
That's why we came here in person to try to explain it to you.
Then why didn't she just come out and tell me the truth?
It wasn't that simple. You know that.
She understood how hurt you would feel.
But still…
By telling you she's given up on Sasuke
and declaring her love for you,
she was freeing you from the burden of that promise you made.
Naruto, this is a once in a lifetime request.
Please…bring Sasuke back!
And still, you insisted on rescuing Sasuke.
I believe that's why she couldn't tell you the truth.
Because she was thinking about your feelings.
In fact, she probably expected you to say that.
To be honest, Sakura made us promise not to tell you the truth.
She said she would tell you somehow.
She said it was her duty to do so.
But if she was expecting Naruto's reaction,
she never intended to tell him the truth, right?
What is Sakura planning to do?
This is just an assumption on my part.
But I believe Sakura…
She intends to kill Sasuke herself.
Is that true, Sai?!
Probably.
Please don't take it all on yourself.
I feel the same way as you.
So does everyone else.
Oh…yeah.
Thank you, Sai.
I know.
Sakura smiled and told everyone she would cooperate.
But this time, I saw through her fake smile.
No way. Sakura wouldn't do such a thing.
She's crazy about Sasuke—
It's because she loves him so much
that she can't bear to watch Sasuke turn more and more evil.
that she wants to save Sasuke from this path of evil.
Even if that means killing the one she loves with her own hands.
That is how committed she is to her love for Sasuke.
And in doing so, Naruto…
She's prepared to accept your hatred.
It's her way of atoning for the lifelong burden she placed on you.
Until now, Sakura relied on you too much.
This time, she intends to resolve everything alone.
Sai… Why are you telling me all this?
Sasuke is the source of Naruto's agony.
But aren't you a part of it too?
It wasn't my intention,
but I'm partly to blame for provoking Sakura.
That's why I told you.
I couldn't ignore what Sakura's doing.
And besides, I belong to Team 7.
I see.
Having learned all this, Naruto must be in turmoil.
Now then… What to do?
There is something you must hear immediately.
We will tell you everything that happened at the Five Kage Summit.
It's been a long time, Danzo.
We haven't met since the Uchiha incident.
Foo, Torune, assist me.
I'm going to break the seal on my right arm.
Keep him occupied.
So you're going for it, Danzo?
Madara… His abilities are limitless.
Be careful.
– Yes, sir. – Yes, sir.
Torune, we'll back each other up and attack.
I know.
Mind Transfer…
He disappeared into the pillar.
It seems he can slip through objects after all.
Well? Are you able to sense his chakra?
No. He has completely disappeared.
A Sensory-Type with Mind Transfer skills.
A member of the Yamanaka Clan, huh?
In order to protect himself,
he de-materializes his body at the moment of an attack
and passes right through it.
But he solidifies his body to make physical contact when he attacks.
We have to aim for the counterattack.
That was a well thought out analysis.
The counterattack must be timed perfectly.
We'll attack one after the other and get him on the second stage.
The first stage will be a diversion.
I'll be the decoy.
He's already seen through my Mind Transfer Jutsu.
We'll go with your jutsu.
Got it.
That technique…
Torune… That jutsu…
Now!
This guy… He just pretended to attack.
Damn it. We fell for it!
Hmm…
A jutsu to flush in chakra and destroy cells?
How troublesome.
Forgive me, Foo.
I'll extract them right away.
This isn't chakra.
These are nano-sized venom beetles.
They are almost like bacteria.
Insects that devour cells on contact.
I've heard of them.
You are a ninja from the Aburame Clan
who knows Hidden Ninjutsu.
I see. You're the son of Shikuro Aburame,
the one with immunity to those insects.
To think you were in the Foundation.
Danzo!
You have yourself a good subordinate.
Forgive me, Torune.
Don't blame yourself, Foo.
Use your sensors to locate him quickly.
I'll get him the next time.
Damn it!
He sucked in Torune!
My right arm has been injected with the venom beetles.
You're next.
I see.
Who would have thought the meeting would become so intense.
I guess with Danzo…
I'm not too eager about becoming the Hokage.
And even if the situation requires me to accept…
I'll have to return to Hidden Leaf Village first
and hear what the others say.
Madara has declared war on us!
There's no time to deliberate.
I'm sure everyone will approve.
We should have them proceed on the premise
that you are the Hokage, Kakashi.
If our response is delayed
and the Akatsuki and Madara take the advantage,
that would be even worse.
I guess you're right. Thanks.
And Sasuke…
For him to attack the summit…
Naruto, this is a battle to protect the Eight-Tails and the Nine-Tails.
Namely you.
And it's also for the ninja world.
As the Kazekage, I would give my life to protect you.
If Sasuke Uchiha confronts
the Allied Shinobi Forces as a member of the Akatsuki,
I will show no mercy.
Sasuke, you and I are alike.
We've both walked through the darkness of this world.
That's why you should be able to see even the faintest glimmer of light.
In the past and even now.
I closed my eyes long ago.
My goals exist only in the darkness.
Sasuke doesn't care about you.
All he wants is darkness.
Naruto, you told me, "I am going to be the Hokage."
I have become the Kazekage.
If you are prepared to bear the burden of being a Kage,
then do what is right as Sasuke's friend.
We've said everything we needed to say.
Let's go, Gaara.
We will return to our village.
Kakashi Hatake…
With the understanding that you will be Hokage,
the Sand will take action.
As allied nations,
I pray that there will be no conflicting intel between us.
Understood.
I consider you my friend.
In the past, "friend" was merely a word to me.
Nothing more, nothing less.
But after meeting you, you made me realize that…
the meaning of that word is what's important.
What does it mean?
What can you do for Sasuke? Think hard about that.
Let's go.
Naruto…
Let him find the answer himself.
Here I am, all alone with Sasuke in this dark place.
Taking care of you while resisting every urge in my body.
Hurry up and get well!
A-Are you all right, Sasuke?
Cold as ever. He'll never change.
But…still…
Let me out of here.
Don't be so hasty.
I'll let you go.
I have something for you outside.
Sasuke Uchiha.
You stay back.
If you get involved, you'll die.
Perfect.
Sasuke… Madara…
I'll take both your Sharingan.
Let me ask one thing.
Is it true that Itachi Uchiha eliminated my clan by order of the Elders?
As I thought, you were special.
Damn Itachi! I see he revealed everything to you before he died.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Danzo's Right Arm"
Don't say anymore about Itachi!
Tune in again!